Roles API import to official API pages (#6417)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/roles/get_all_roles.md

---
title: Get all roles
type: apicontent
order: 37.01
external_redirect: /api/#get-all-roles
---

## Get all roles

Returns all roles, including their names and UUIDs.

Replace the `<YOUR_DATADOG_API_KEY>` and `<YOUR_DATADOG_APPLICATION_KEY>` placeholder with the corresponding [API and application keys for your organization][1].

**ARGUMENTS**:

* **`page[size]`** [*optional*, *default*=**10**]:
Number of roles to return for a given page.
* **`page[number]`** [*optional*, *default*=**0**]:
Specific page number to return.
* **`sort`** [*optional*, *default*=**name**]:

> Sort roles depending on the given field. Sort order is **ascending** by default. Sort order is **descending** if the field is prefixed by a negative sign (Eg: *sort=-name*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sort roles depending on the given field. Sort order is **ascending** by default. Sort order is **descending** if the field is prefixed by a negative sign, for example: *sort=-name*.
```
